We are now enabling calendar-based appointment booking via VAPI tools.

🧠 Important: The voice assistant does not call Google Calendar directly — instead, it uses a VAPI tool that sends a webhook to our Replit backend. The backend then handles the Google Calendar API calls (check availability and create events) based on the authenticated user.

📦 Structure to Keep in Mind
All assistants share one generic calendar tool (not one per assistant).

When the tool is triggered, we expect assistantId and tenantId to be passed via assistantOverrides.variableValues, injected by us during assistant configuration.

On the backend, we use that tenantId to:

Fetch the right Google access token

Determine calendar to use

Create or check events accordingly

✅ STEP 1: Create the Webhook Endpoint for Availability Check
🔧 Implement this first:
Create a new Express route:

ts
Copy
Edit
POST /api/calendar/availability
This will be the webhook URL used in our VAPI Calendar_Availability tool.

🎯 Route Functionality
When this endpoint receives a POST request from VAPI:

Extract tenantId, assistantId, and preferredDate from the request body (this will be defined in the tool schema later).

Look up the tenant's calendar OAuth credentials (stored in DB after calendar auth).

Use Google Calendar API to:

Find availability for the requested date (preferably next 3 available 30-minute slots)

Time zone: use Europe/London

Return a list of available time slots to VAPI in this format:

json
Copy
Edit
{
  "slots": [
    "2025-06-20T09:00:00+01:00",
    "2025-06-20T11:30:00+01:00",
    "2025-06-20T14:00:00+01:00"
  ]
}
If no availability is found, return an empty list.

💡 Implementation Notes
Use the existing googleCalendarService.ts or equivalent service file to make Google Calendar API calls.

Make sure this route is isolated under /api/calendar/ in routes.ts.

Add error logging and fallback response if no credentials are found or API fails.

You don’t need to update any assistant right now — just focus on building the backend logic.

🧼 Code Quality Guidelines
Please keep the new code modular and isolated

Do not touch any OAuth flow, assistant creation logic, or UI components

Add clean error messages and comments

Make sure the new endpoint follows the structure used in existing routes (like OAuth callbacks)

Once this step is completed and tested, we will:

Create the corresponding tool in VAPI pointing to this endpoint

Update the assistant prompt to use it via Calendar_Availability

Build the /api/calendar/book endpoint for the actual appointment creation

Then update prompt and add booking tool as Calendar_Event